xtools/README.md, before:

Provides various features and functionalities related to Xbox, including profile retrieval, game clips and screenshot viewing, Microsoft services status checking, and more.

# [p]apiset
Set up the XTools cog<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset`
 - Restricted to: `BOT_OWNER`
## [p]apiset help
Tutorial for getting your ClientID and Secret<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset help`
## [p]apiset auth

 - Usage: `[p]apiset auth`
## [p]apiset reset
Reset the all token data<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset reset`
## [p]apiset tokens
Set Client ID and Secret<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset tokens <client_id> <client_secret>`
# [p]xstatuschannel
Set the channel for Microsoft status alerts<br/>

Any time microsoft services go down an alert will go out in the channel and be updated<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xstatuschannel <channel>`
# [p]setgt
Set your Gamertag to use commands without entering it<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]setgt <gamertag>`
# [p]xuid
Get a player's XUID<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xuid [gamertag]`
# [p]gamertag
Get the Gamertag associated with an XUID<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]gamertag <xuid>`
# [p]xprofile
View your Xbox profile<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xprofile [gamertag]`
# [p]xscreenshots
View your Screenshots<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xscreenshots [gamertag]`
# [p]xgames
View your games and achievements<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xgames [gamertag]`
# [p]xfriends
View your friends list<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xfriends [gamertag]`
# [p]xclips
View your game clips<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xclips [gamertag]`
# [p]xstatus
Check Microsoft Services Status<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xstatus`
# [p]gameswithgold
View this month's free games with Gold<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]gameswithgold`
# [p]xmostplayed
View your most played games<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xmostplayed [gamertag]`

Commit message:

XTools - formatting improvements, allow xprofile to accept a gamertag or xuid

xtools/README.md, after:

Provides various features and functionalities related to Xbox, including profile retrieval, game clips and screenshot viewing, Microsoft services status checking, and more.

# [p]apiset
Set up the XTools cog<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset`
 - Restricted to: `BOT_OWNER`
## [p]apiset help
Tutorial for getting your ClientID and Secret<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset help`
## [p]apiset auth

 - Usage: `[p]apiset auth`
## [p]apiset reset
Reset the all token data<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset reset`
## [p]apiset tokens
Set Client ID and Secret<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]apiset tokens <client_id> <client_secret>`
# [p]xstatuschannel
Set the channel for Microsoft status alerts<br/>

Any time microsoft services go down an alert will go out in the channel and be updated<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xstatuschannel <channel>`
# [p]setgt
Set your Gamertag to use commands without entering it<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]setgt <gamertag>`
# [p]xuid
Get a player's XUID<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xuid [gamertag]`
# [p]gamertag
Get the Gamertag associated with an XUID<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]gamertag <xuid>`
# [p]xprofile
View your Xbox profile (can use gamertag or XUID)<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xprofile [gamertag_or_xuid]`
# [p]xscreenshots
View your Screenshots<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xscreenshots [gamertag]`
# [p]xgames
View your games and achievements<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xgames [gamertag]`
# [p]xfriends
View your friends list<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xfriends [gamertag]`
# [p]xclips
View your game clips<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xclips [gamertag]`
# [p]xstatus
Check Microsoft Services Status<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xstatus`
# [p]gameswithgold
View this month's free games with Gold<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]gameswithgold`
# [p]xmostplayed
View your most played games<br/>
 - Usage: `[p]xmostplayed [gamertag]`
